(docs) Add developer update on how to use Puppet 6 agents (#2374)
puppetlabs/bolt: documentation/developer_updates.md

Find out what the Bolt team is working on and why we're making the decisions
we're making.

## November 2020

### Puppet 7 Release Prep

> [Puppet 7]() is set to be released November 19th, 2020. While the Bolt package won't be pulling in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Puppet 7](https://puppet.com/docs/puppet/7.0/puppet_index.html) was released November 19th, 2020. While the Bolt package won't be pulling in
```

Puppet 7 until early next year, the `puppet_agent::install` task bundled with Bolt will pick up
Puppet 7 agents by default when the packages are available. This means that using the `apply_prep()`
Bolt plan function or the install task directly will be pulling in a major version bump for the

> agent. While we don't anticipate any of the changes in the agent affecting Bolt users, if you find

Reviewer: ```suggestion
agent. While we don't anticipate any of the changes in the agent to affect Bolt users, if you find
```

you need to use the Puppet 6 agent you can configure `apply_prep()` and the task to do so easily.

> The task accepts a 'collections' parameter that tells the task which collection to download the
> package from. This defaults to 'puppet' which maps to the latest collection, but by setting this
> value to 'puppet6' you'll pull in the latest Puppet 6 agent. You can pass this parameter on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The task accepts a `collections` parameter that tells the task which collection to download the
package from. This defaults to `puppet` which maps to the latest collection, but by setting this
value to `puppet6` you'll pull in the latest Puppet 6 agent. You can pass this parameter on the
```

command line:

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

_\*nix shell command_
```

```
bolt task run puppet_agent::install -t mytargets collection='puppet6'
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

_PowerShell cmdlet_
```

```
Invoke-BoltTask -Name puppet_agent::install -Targets mytargets collection='puppet6'
```

Or to the `run_task()` plan function:
```
run_task('puppet_agent::install', $targets, { collection => 'puppet6' })
```

> If you need the `apply_prep()` plan function to install the Puppet 6 agents instead of Puppet 7 you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need the `apply_prep()` plan function to install the Puppet 6 agents instead of Puppet 7, you
```

Find out what the Bolt team is working on and why we're making the decisions
we're making.

## November 2020

### Puppet 7 Release Prep

[Puppet 7](https://puppet.com/docs/puppet/7.0/puppet_index.html) is set to be released November
19th, 2020. While the Bolt package won't be pulling in Puppet 7 until early next year, the
`puppet_agent::install` task bundled with Bolt will pick up Puppet 7 agents by default when the
packages are available. This means that using the `apply_prep()` Bolt plan function or the install

> task directly will be pulling in a major version bump for the agent. While we don't anticipate any
> of the changes in the agent to affect Bolt users, if you find you need to use the Puppet 6 agent you
> can configure `apply_prep()` and the task to do so easily.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
task directly will be pulling in a major version bump for the agent. While we don't anticipate any
of the changes in the agent to affect Bolt users, if you find you need to use the Puppet 6 agent, you
can configure `apply_prep()` and the the `puppet_agent::install` task to do so.
```
We usually avoid words like "easily" and "quickly" as user mileage may vary ;)

Author: So smart and considerate!

> The task accepts a `collections` parameter that tells the task which collection to download the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `puppet_agent::install` task accepts a `collections` parameter that tells the task which collection to download the
```

> package from. This defaults to `puppet` which maps to the latest collection, but by setting this
> value to `puppet6` you'll pull in the latest Puppet 6 agent. You can pass this parameter on the
> command line:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
package from. This defaults to `puppet` which maps to the latest collection, but you can set this
value to `puppet6` to pull in the latest Puppet 6 agent. You can pass this parameter on the
command line:
```
